CP-49980: Review provider document (#40)
xenserver/terraform-provider-xenserver: docs/data-sources/sr.md

### Optional

- `name_label` (String) The name of the storage repository.
- `uuid` (String) The UUID of the storage repository.

### Read-Only

> - `data_items` (Attributes List) The return items of storage repositories. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data_items))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `data_items` (Attributes List) The return items of storage repositories. (See [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data_items).)
```

Author: same as above, can't be changed.

<a id="nestedatt--data_items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data_items`

Read-Only:

- `allowed_operations` (List of String) The list of the operations allowed in this state.
- `blobs` (Map of String) The binary blobs associated with this SR.
- `clustered` (Boolean) True if the SR is using aggregated local storage.

> - `content_type` (String) The type of the SR's content, if required (eg. "ISOs").

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `content_type` (String) The type of the SR's content, if required (for example, "ISOs").
```
